Add Progress Bar component (#2750)
gradio-app/gradio: guides/01_getting_started/02_key_features.md

Supplying a generator into Gradio **requires** you to enable queuing in the underlying Interface or Blocks (see the queuing section above).

> ## Progress Updates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Progress Bars
```

> Ypu can explicitly update the progress of a function by adding an argument to your method that has a default value of `gradio.Progress()`. Then you can update the progress levels by calling this argument directly, or using the `track()` method of `Progress` to track progress over an iterable. Currently, queueing must be enabled for progress updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Gradio supports the ability to create a custom Progress Bars to have customizability and control over the progress update that you show to the user. In order to enable this, simply add an argument to your method that has a default value of a `gradio.Progress` instance. Then you can update the progress levels by calling this argument directly with a float between 0 and 1, or using the `tqdm()` method of the `Progress` instance to track progress over an iterable. Queueing must be enabled for progress updates.
```

> $code_progress_simple

Reviewer: This example is great! I would include another example that shows how to use with directly with a float as well, just because I think that's a common use case that people might not really understand

$demo_progress_simple

> You can even make automatic progress updates from any `tqdm.tqdm` by setting the default argument as  `gr.Progress(track_tqdm=True)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use the `tqdm` library, you can even report progress updates automatically from any `tqdm.tqdm` that already exists within your function by setting the default argument as  `gr.Progress(track_tqdm=True)`!
```
